Link to drive file:

https://docs.google.com/document/d/1zQhjyCmzSbM3SPDl0Gfyq2Ayb45IrvEHpLkwYCoqxuw/edit?usp=sharing

Has device in him, crash lands on tribal planet, so grows up thinking he has magic powers

control gravity, essentially when you hold a button, you see icons above the heads of gravity changeable things that are different buttons.  When you press the button and control stick at the same time you redirect the gravity of things (or bad guys).   

As get more experience, have more “power” to affect gravity - so can affect heavier and heavier things, and give things more and more mass (make gravity stronger), can also be time limited, so hold things for longer

Get very powerful and can crush people with houses, rip trees out of ground, turn around bullets in air (with bullets they could all have the same button icon so you’d be mashing the “a” button or whatever to stop the bullets from hitting you)

Starts out with basic push or pull, not a lot of control.  So try push, with each pushable thing assigned a button and the direction you push pushes against anything in that direction, and then conservation of momentum, so if a push a bad guy’s button and then point down, then the bad guy will push off the ground.  There’s one button that’s always assigned to you, and this acts the same on you as from the bad guy.

Realistic figures, no jumping, just power, and an attack button, maybe defend button


STORY SKETCH:

You wake up in the night, and there’s a huge roar, and the you walk outside your hut, and all your villager tribe friends are outside watching a number of fiery objects in the sky.  Nobody knows what they are (they look like ships, but the village people don’t know what ships are). 

Next morning you wake up, and this is the big day of your “test”, which decides whether you can be considered a full warrior, soldier, worker, something like that.  It’s a coming of age thing.  Everyone knows you’ll pass, since you’re the most gifted mover in the village, already more skill than a number of the older people.   There is a sort of training ground that’s all mystical next to your village, this was set up by what you consider to be “the gods”.  At the beginning of it is a sacred pool that you drink from before you train.  The level is passing the training test. 

Come back from training, see village in smoke, villagers are trying to fight attackers (who have advanced stuff, some ships on the ground).  They are carrying off your friends.  You join and fight, and the first part of the level is trying to fight them with friends.  A number come after you, and all your friends tell you to run, while they distract.

Run through terrain into desert terrain.  A level fighting monsters in these places. 

Come to a village far away in the desert, warn them of attack, they don’t listen, they try to rob you, you use your powers.  They call you a witch and try to kill you.  You run away again. 

You come across the remains of an ancient civilization. While walking here, there pops up in the backround the head head of one of the desert village people, who is following you.  There are people living underground here.  These people also have powers.  You warn them about the people coming to kill them, and they argue for a while.  They propose to fight with you to get back your friends.  They tell you that they are from a different planet, and so are the people who took your friends.  They came to this place long ago to escape from a greater threat.  When they got here they saw that the tribal people had the powers, so they started feeding them certain things in their water (sacred pool by training ground) to augment their powers, so they could use them as weapons when the threat arrived.  This group thought that was wrong, so they ran away, hid, and attempted to develop their own powers.  They weren’t as strong, it’s the people from the planet that can do it well.  The ship in the night was the threat arriving.  They say they’ll fight with you.  

You are lost and angry, don’t know what to do, and you leave.  While you’re walking, perhaps through forest, there’s a message from prisoners, who are all joined together, are using their powers together to leave messages close to where they are taken.  They have been randomly writing in the forest, on the trees, on the sand, drawing pictures of what is happening to them, drawing pictures of where they’re hid in the enemies’ ships.  You come across their messages.  You may even see the things moving that are writing them.

You go back and tell underground that you’ll help them but then they need to leave or you’ll turn against them.  They attack a certain place, as a decoy, but then you go and do your thing to defeat them.  Free all your villager people.  

Then you have to face the threat that they were all running from.

